[Music]
what are you doing here in summer go
anyway honestly my mom won't say it but
we're completely broke any honest thing
that's left in our name this is creepy
old farmhouse our grandfather left us in
the middle of an hour
why'd you bring me up here entertainment
value what is that somehow a town that
isn't anywhere near a tectonic plate
that has no fault lines no fracking no
loud music even is shaking on a daily
basis
I remember that one summer we died under
a table
I found this in my living room
Oh chiller replica a replica of what a
ghost trap there hasn't been a ghost
sighting in 30 years New York in the
eighties it's like The Walking Dead
your dad never mentioned this to you
it's just my mom my grandfather died my
mom says were just here to pick through
the Rob loves life
when
[Music]
who are you
call it a
[Music]
call it lock
call it karma
[Music]
that everything happens for a reason
come on darling
it has a gunner seat
you
[Music]